Before building the project, let's make the pawn stop firing in all available game situations.
The first is the end of the game. We call the TurnOff function on each pawn.
The second situation, when we do a restart, call the reset function, and the third situation, when we call the SetPause function.
The TurnOff and Reset functions are virtual, so we
can override them in the BaseCharacter class. and add the functionality we need,
that is, stop shooting. We override these functions in the public category.
We create a body for each function.
Call the StopFire function of the weapon component
and at the same time remove the optical zoom - call the zoom function with the false parameter.
We add the same calls to the Reset function. If you want, you can create an additional method so that there is no duplication of code.
Let me remind you that we check the weapon component using the check macro.
But if your components are dynamically recreated in the actor's code, then this check is naturally not enough
and the components need to be checked for nullptr every time we access them.
We will also stop firing when paused in the game.
For convenience, let's create a new function in the game mode class. Let's call it from StopAllFire.
Add the StopAllFire call to the SetPause function. We also need the weapon component.
In the StopAllFire function, we need to iterate over all available pawns and call the StopFire function on the weapon component.
We get a pointer to the weapon component.
We call the StopFire function.
And also forcibly remove the optical magnification.
I will show you one more cosmetic point with which you can reduce the number of lines in our code.
For example, in the playercontroller class, the creation of a local pointer can be removed under the if.
This construction is allowed in C ++. In this case, the scope of the variable is limited to the if block.
And one line less in the class. We compile the project.
We have a small problem with the EQS. I have placed two PlayerStart on the scene at the edges of our scene.
The enemy character does not move because he is at the very edge of the navigation mesh and cannot find
a point suitable for movement. We can open debug information and verify this. This is
due to our cone pattern. In general, this situation is quite rare, but unpleasant.
Let's fix it in the simplest way. We can change the point generator for EQS or in our cone generator change the angle.
Set 360. As a result, points will be generated in a full circle. We start the game.
The character ran. Let's configure the weapon as well. We have a short firing range: 1500 units.
Let's increase it to 10 thousand units. We do this in the rifle class and also in the launcher class.
We are all ready to build the project.
Choose file -> package project, build configuration: shipping. Click on windows 64-bit.
The project packaged successfully, but we can see that there are warnings in our log.
The message says that some assets were saved with an empty version of the engine.
This is an asset versioning bug. It is very easy to fix it - all the assets that
were specified in the warnings are enough, just resave. In our case, this applies to animation assets.
And also the skeletal mesh of the rifle asset.
Clearing the log, let's pack it again.
The game is packed, we can check that the log is really clean by removing messages of the message type in the filters.
There are no errors or warnings in the log.
EXE file us now with an icon. We start the game.
Everything works. Now with the headshot we can destroy the enemy with one shot.